deletion error: 3 is not in the tree
deletion error: 10 is not in the tree
deletion error: 23 is not in the tree
tree is empty
insert 3
insert 30
insert 10
3 10 30
deletion error: 11 is not in the tree
delete 10
finding error: 10 is not in the tree
3 30
3 is in the tree
insert 4
insert 6
insert 1
insert 5
finding error: 7 is not in the tree
insert 7
insert 8
delete 1
3 4 5 6 7 8 30
finding error: 9 is not in the tree
delete 8
delete 4
delete 5
3 6 7 30
deletion error: 2 is not in the tree
3 is in the tree
finding error: 10 is not in the tree
insert 15
insert 25
insert 22
deletion error: 4 is not in the tree
finding error: 2 is not in the tree
3 6 7 15 22 25 30
deletion error: 20 is not in the tree
deletion error: 10 is not in the tree
delete 30
deletion error: 1 is not in the tree
deletion error: 4 is not in the tree
deletion error: 5 is not in the tree
3 6 7 15 22 25
3 is in the tree
insert 100
insert 26
insert 79
finding error: 24 is not in the tree
insert 254
deletion error: 23 is not in the tree
insert 92
3 6 7 15 22 25 26 79 92 100 254
deletion error: 20 is not in the tree
deletion error: 23 is not in the tree
deletion error: 10 is not in the tree
3 6 7 15 22 25 26 79 92 100 254
deletion error: 40 is not in the tree
deletion error: 8 is not in the tree
deletion error: 9 is not in the tree
3 6 7 15 22 25 26 79 92 100 254
finding error: 8 is not in the tree
finding error: 5 is not in the tree
finding error: 4 is not in the tree
3 6 7 15 22 25 26 79 92 100 254
delete 3
insert 899
6 7 15 22 25 26 79 92 100 254 899
