insert 10
insert 9
insert 11
insert 24
insert 34
insert 4
deletion error: 3 is not in the tree
delete 9
delete 34
finding error: 34 is not in the tree
finding error: 3 is not in the tree
4 is in the tree
4 10 11 24
delete 4
delete 10
insert 241
insert 23
insert 57
deletion error: 90 is not in the tree
57 is in the tree
23 is in the tree
insert 17
insert 15
delete 17
finding error: 16 is not in the tree
finding error: 17 is not in the tree
11 15 23 24 57 241
deletion error: 17 is not in the tree
deletion error: 16 is not in the tree
insert 140
insert 3
insert 19
deletion error: 18 is not in the tree
19 is in the tree
finding error: 18 is not in the tree
3 11 15 19 23 24 57 140 241
deletion error: 4 is not in the tree
delete 3
insert 2
insert 99
deletion error: 13 is not in the tree
finding error: 12 is not in the tree
11 is in the tree
finding error: 10 is not in the tree
finding error: 13 is not in the tree
23 is in the tree
2 11 15 19 23 24 57 99 140 241
deletion error: 3 is not in the tree
delete 2
insert 37
insert 29
deletion error: 7 is not in the tree
finding error: 18 is not in the tree
insert 95
insert 21
insert 22
23 is in the tree
21 is in the tree
11 15 19 21 22 23 24 29 37 57 95 99 140 241
deletion error: 10 is not in the tree
delete 11
deletion error: 33 is not in the tree
delete 95
finding error: 44 is not in the tree
finding error: 55 is not in the tree
insert 66
insert 77
insert 88
77 is in the tree
